Add: Changes in linux numbergenerator (#266)
SovereignCloudStack/standards: Standards/scs-0101-v1-entropy.md

     3843
```

##### 1.2.3 Changes since Linux 5.17, 5.18

Jason A. Donenfeld has rewritten the RNG Number generator for Linux, which is
replacing the very old sha-1 with blake2 algorithm, "random use computational

> hash for entropy extraction" the full explanation will found here:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
hash for entropy extraction" the full explanation can be found here:
```

> [linux-rng-5.17-18](https://www.zx2c4.com/projects/linux-rng-5.17-5.18/).

Reviewer: maybe use a less flaky link like archive.org? this one works
```suggestion
[linux-rng-5.17-18](https://web.archive.org/web/20230321040526/https://www.zx2c4.com/projects/linux-rng-5.17-5.18/).
```

> This RNG improvements make some workarounds obsolete. For an example haveged
> should not use anymore. Rng-tools can continue to be used. Rng-tools bridge the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This RNG improvements make some workarounds obsolete. For example haveged
should not be use anymore. Rng-tools can continue to be used. Rng-tools bridge the
```

hardware number generators that support RDRAND and RDSEED as they support HWRNG
in modern Intel and AMD processors.

> These patches are now also arrived the upstream LTS Kernels.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These patches have now also arrived in the upstream LTS Kernels.
```

> This behavior will look as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The behavior will be as follows:
```

```console
 $cat /proc/sys/kernel/random/entropy_avail
  256
```

> because here is now working the blake2 algorithm the entropy count is sufficient.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
because now the blake2 algorithm is used, the entropy count is sufficient.
```
